the Israeli military videos supposedly
showing a Hamas fighter surrendering
have fueled skepticism about previous
posts Allah I can't believe I'm doing
this this nurse posted about Hamas
taking over a hospital but she wasn't
recognized by anyone who worked there
the entire Hospital they're taking over
the fuel you can see the tunnel then
there was this Israeli video that was
supposed to show a Hamas tunnel it's in
fact a hospital Elevator Shaft look at
this room all sparking a series of memes
mocking the authenticity of the original
videos no reason to put here a curtain
unless you want to film hostages and
deliver movies this list in Arabic this
list is say we are in operation with
Israel and we would defeat them sir
that's a calendar yes calendar from
Hamas this is one of the senior
terrorists who is the head of the now I
want to show you an operational tunnel
the tunnel is built with electricity
most interesting things that we have
found Israel's use of social media is
nothing new in Modern Warfare digital
platforms have become a Battleground for
influencing public opinion saw
underneath the shifa hospital but Israel
appears to be losing ground because last
time I don't think the community took
you seriously there was a list Hamas
Hamas hello Hamas a woman
Axel zovich alzer a woman's
clothes make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer